# Physics of Complex Networks project

## Overview
This repository contains the materials for the "Physics of Complex Networks" course project. The course covers a variety of theoretical and computational projects, each aimed at understanding the dynamics and structure of complex networks through data-driven and theoretical approaches.

## Repository Structure

### `/code/`
Contains all scripts and source files necessary for project simulations and analysis:
- Each project task, such as Quantum Percolation and the Potts Model, is stored in its own sub-folder. This includes:
  - `Quantum percolation.Rmd`: R Markdown script for the Quantum Percolation simulations.
  - `UKtransport.Rproj`, `UKnetwork.Rmd`, `UKscript.R`: Scripts and project files for the UK Transport Network analysis.

### `/data/`
Stores output and post-processed data used in or generated by the projects.

### `/input data/`
Stores input data used in the scripts.

### `/latex/`
Contains LaTeX source files and associated figures for the project reports:
- **base/**: Holds basic configuration files such as `packages.tex` and `style.tex`.
- **images/**: All figures used in the report, ensuring they are clear and legible with adequate caption and font sizes.
- **sections/**: Individual sections of the report, including `front_page.tex`, `task1.tex`, etc.
- `bibliography.bib`: Bibliographic references for the report.

### `report.pdf`
- The compiled version of the LaTeX report, presenting the findings and methodologies of the projects.

## Current and Upcoming Projects

### Completed Projects
- **#42 Public Transport in the UK**: This project focused on constructing and analyzing a network for UK public transport systems.

### Upcoming Projects
- **Quantum Percolation**: Scheduled for detailed study on quantum states in percolating systems.
- **Potts Model**: A computational exploration of the Potts model in statistical mechanics.

## Usage Instructions

To clone this repository for local development, use:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/pietroscapolo/PoCN_project.git
cd PoCN_project
